so you probably heard of the
name Genghis Khan or dingus but
might not realize that something
like one in 200 men in the world
genetically related to James
Caan so he was obviously very
prolific yeah but it makes sense
because it's not just him but
it's also his sons and all of
his grandsons they would wipe
out enemies that weren't in
their lineage
there's more to this story than
you thought
dingus khan was first motivated
by a girl
according to the secret history
of the Mongols as legend he was
betrothed to a young girl they
didn't talk to each other but he
went to this horrible . where
his father had been killed his
horses have been stolen from him
and his family and then he was
enslaved and through all this
time you know over the years she
waited for one day escape from
all of this went out and found
as they're riding along these
enemies shoulda she turns to me
and says you have to go you have
to run and he rides off towards
this mountain and he's
heartbroken and prayed to ping
li hid we should do and the
moment that he decided he was
gonna fight back
global history changed for that
was the very first fight that he
ever had any got her back and
within a single lifetime created
the largest continuous Empire
human history from nothing and
was all love story
yeah
i would say that he was very
charismatic
scientists thought that
chameleons change color by
changing the pigment in their
skin not sure how they actually
changed dollar is far more
complex